Add EIP: Upgradable Fungible Token (#6864)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6864.md

## Motivation

By design, smart contracts are immutable and token standards like ERC-20 are minimalistic. While these design principles are fundamental in decentalized applications, there are sensible and practical situations where the ability to upgrade an ERC-20 token is desirable, such as:

- to address bugs and remove limitations
- to adopt new features and standards
- to comply w/ changing regulations

Proxy pattern using `delegatecall` opcode offers a reasonable, generalized solution to reconcile the immutability and upgradability features but has its own shortcomings:

- the smart contracts must support proxy pattern from the get go, i.e. it cannot be used on contracts that were not deployed with proxies
- upgrades are silent and irreversible, i.e. users do not have the option to opt-out

In contrast, by reducing the scope to specifically ERC-20 tokens, this proposal standardizes an ERC-20 extension that works with any existing or future ERC-20 smart contracts, is much simpler to implement and to maintain, can be reversed or nested, and offers a double confirmation opportunity for any and all users to explicitly opt-in on the upgrade.

> [ERC-4931](./eip-4931.md) attepts to address the same problem by introducing a third "bridge" contract to help facilitate the upgrade/downgrade operations. While this design decouples upgrade/downgrade logic from token logic, ERC-4931 would require tokens to be pre-minted at the destination smart contract and owned by the bridge contrtact rather then just-in-time when upgrade is invoked. It also would not be able to support upgrade-while-transfer and see-through functions as described below.

Reviewer: Friendly warning that mentioning another EIP creates an implied dependency. Your proposal won't be able to advance past the status of ERC-4931(so this proposal will have to stay draft until 4931 advances.)

You could do something like:

```suggestion
Other proposals attempt to address the same problem by introducing a third "bridge" contract to help facilitate the upgrade/downgrade operations. While this design decouples upgrade/downgrade logic from token logic, these proposals would require tokens to be pre-minted at the destination smart contract and owned by the bridge contract rather then just-in-time when upgrade is invoked. It also would not be able to support upgrade-while-transfer and see-through functions as described below.
```
